The Joe Rogan experience.
I was nervous when people, when friends say I got a new show, you're like, oh,
I gotta watch this.
Cause so many times you watch a friend show and it's not good.
Your show is good. It's a real solid sitcom. So thank you.
Thank and right outta the gate, it's solid, you know,
sitcoms take years to get their leg, at least a few episodes,
but right outta the gate, your show is very solid.
I wish you knew how hard it was for me to text you to ask you to watch it.
I text, I, I typed the text and I was like, oh, I can't.
Cause I know how honest you are. And, and then when I was like, I, I,
it took me months and I was like, but I gotta ask him. Cause I was like,
if Joe like it, then I feel like you, it was, it, it was a seal,
a solid foundation. And I was like, if I could just,
cuz I got already to watch it. He was like, he's really good. And I was like,
I just wanna see if Joe will watch it. And I know how busy you are. And I kept,
when I sent the text, I was like, oh my God, oh my God.
He's not gonna watch you now. And when I hit you back a and he was like,
I'm in the middle of your REIA. What are the?
That word you use you somewhere where, what, what birds don't have,
but they still fly. You was on vacation. Where was I? Somewhere? Rich people go,
birds don't have.
Wings, but they still fly. What kinda riddle is this? <laugh> what the?
It's called a crackhead. That's the song? Riddle don't have wings.
They don't fly. I just that's what you. You was saying can't
heavily place. I can't okay. I was on vacation. You was on vacation.
I think you said you was in the Meran I'm up the.
Word. Oh, probably the Caribbean. Uh, it.
Started with a M M mm. I don't know I was, I was so probably I don't.
We was texting. So when and when you started to text me, like what you,
the jokes in the shots, you don't know how much air went outta my.
That day joke. <laugh>.
It's a good show. I'm very happy. It's a good show. Very happy. It's rock solid.
It really is.
We worked out as something. Get it. It sure did.
It was so hard with a comedy because to me,
comedy is so rehash and I feel like Hollywood is so outta ideal.
That's what we getting all these reboots that even with the pilot,
we went through that hand and toe to make sure you haven't heard it.
Original jokes, all original jokes. A lot of it is my standup.
And so that was another thing I was like, should I send you this? Oh,
his S opinion. And I asked you for your aunties opinion, you was like, oh pat,
I really don't want watch it because I don't like watching my friends. I said,
just watch the. You can't I've been shot. I've had gone real. I've been hit,
bought a freak thing. Give it to me, Joe, like hard Dick with no condom.
And so you, you text Beck and I, I immediately text him and say,
look what Joe Rogan said, I can't the N word. And I
Cause your podcast big. Oh, she said that he you.
But um, I immediately, you said.
It in the past, on.
Here. Well, I, I text it. I said, look with Joe <laugh>.
I said, wake your black up, Joe RO like our show Joe.
RO like our Joe. And like I said, it takes a while. Like when,
when I did news radio, that was in the nineties,
it took like four or five episodes before the show really started finding
its way. Yeah. It takes a while.
It does. It does. I like for, for, I, I first saw pat,
like maybe I was a senior in high school.
I'm 26 now I was a senior in high school.
My dad had recorded her on this daytime talk show and he was like,
you gotta watch Harry she's jewelry. She's yes. Harry jewelry, comic genius.
I remember that show. You were on that show. Yes. Yep. And she, she,
my dad was like, you gotta watch her. Like, she's hilarious.
Like you a lover you're lover her.
And so I sat down and watched and I just fell in love.
I like to do the type of comedy where it's like, you laugh over the pain,
you laugh over it, you laugh through it. And that's her life.
That's miss that's her brand. And so I was like, like whenever she gets a book,
I'm I'm gonna read that book. Like I'm gonna study it. That's gonna be my.
Then I got to college book came out. It was like $35. I couldn't afford it.
So I screenshotted. I was like, oh, I'm gonna come back.
And I'm gonna get this book in. I get some money,
never was able to get the book.
But I wrote this play called a NoMo that went to the public in New York.
What's it called? Uh, it was called ain't NoMo. Uh,
and it was at the public theater and uh, Lee, Daniel saw it.
And after he saw it, he was like, Hey, uh,
we're trying to do a TV show for this, uh, comedian. Her name is miss pat,
but we don't really have a concept. Nobody really knows what they want to do.
So can you just read her book and see if you can come up with a concept for a
show? And I was just happy to get the book,
but I read it and I just felt in love.
And I immediately saw this sitcom in my head cuz I'm a,
I'm a big fan of like old school sitcoms, like all in the family.
The Jefferson's good times with a live studio audience.
And I just felt like putting like her in this doll
of a sitcom and just burning all of it down hands.
Son. <laugh>. You talking with your hands. God,
Joe RO you can tell this how I talk.
Express. I'm a homosexual. We talk with our hands.
Is that what he's doing? Yeah, he hands that's what? I guess it's a, it's a,
it's a mating call when it's a mating.
Call Dick. It's.
Moving Dick. You listen, Dick <laugh>.
I'm learning so much today. Birds who fly with no wings.
This is how you get Dick. Yes.
He young.
For you to be 26 and to create a show is pretty amazing.
It was a ride. Just listen. When Lee first brought me,
brought this kid to me and uh, I'm honest and I,
and I know Hollywood is full of and it's so hard to get people in the industry,
not to sound like a talking te everybody say the same thing. And I was just,
I have to break him down either. You be honest with me or I don't with you.
So when I met him and Lee was like, oh, I got this kid.
He fell outta heaven and da, da, da. And I'm like, okay, Lee.
And he told me I'm in, I'm in Utah. So performing, he said, get your on a plane.
You gotta go. See the players said last night. I said, uh,
I don't know if you know how this work, but I'm a comedian.
I don't get paid till tomorrow. And I ain't going, no,
God where I need my little pennies. Okay. So they put me on a plane.
I flew over to watch him and I pick up me. I deal with people with spirits,
your energy. I can just tell if you a, a good person.
I can tell when is gonna happen. And when I met him, I said he could do it.
And the first thing I did, I called him and I said,
they're never gonna give you this job. He said, police say they gonna hire me.
I said, no, they're not. He said, why you say that? I said,
because you ain't never did. And they don't understand Hollywood. Want what?
Everybody else's want. Yeah. They don't want you, somebody else don't you.
Ain't bust your booty help. I mean, <laugh> that out? Take that.
Out. That's right. Keep it there. Keep it in there. Hollywood don't want you.
I didn't know. I didn't mean to say that.
It's true. You did mean to say it. They said, you trying to get me. No,
I'm trying to get you elevated.
They, they don't want you, somebody else done you. It's true.
And as soon now he got all kind interviews, but I sign him down and I said,
they you're gonna hear,
they're gonna take you to fancy dinners and try to blow your mind. I said,
if you listen to a real like me, we can do this. I said,
now I'm gonna be honest with you. Lee's busting his to get this job for you.
I said, but while Lee's busting his to get you this,
let me show you how to get this job. He said, what I gotta do. I said,
let's write a pilot behind these back.
And I started to tell him what the other two writers, one listened to me on.
And he listened. And we wrote that about eight days.
So when we finished it, I said, he put his name on it. I said, take your name.
<laugh>.
Which I was like, what? What?
Cause?
And lemme tell you why I'm a hood. I'm a hood. I mean, I'm, I, I,
everything for me come from the knowledge that I got from streets. Okay.
You can never outsmart me because I'm Fu you might get spell a word. Right? But,
I got Google and two daughters with a college degree. So I get your,
as on that too. So I told him, I said, take your name off it. He's like why?
I said, because if they don't like it, they're not gonna give you the job.
But if I tell 'em I did it, I'm the star of the show. They gonna, oh, miss pat,
throw that in trash. Can we gonna get you a writer? So what we did,
he took his name off for. I said, well, you, I said, one thing you,
ain't never gotta worry about me doing is stealing from you.
I I'm not that type of person. I said, I, what the? I look like stealing.
These people know, I can't spell all this correctly. <laugh>.
That's exactly. And that's exactly what she did.
She called Lee and she sent it to Lee and Lee car and said, who the wrote this?
And she said, she said, me. He said, no, you didn't. Cuz everything spelled.
Right. <laugh>
that's what he said. And I said <laugh>.
And that's when I said,
me and Jordan wrote and you wanna hear something so crazy.
So this kid just graduated college. Right? And he, Lee was like,
just drop outta college. You gonna be in, I said, don't you drop outta college.
So I asked him, I said, do you have found a draft? He was like, no, he's PO.
He said, I don't have final a draft. I said, take my credit card,
take my debit card,
go buy you some grocery and buy final draft all why imagine had me
interviewing, write Joe, me and him. I said, yep. Right. Right.
They got me another interview. Right. Right, right.
Yeah. But like, what's funny though. Yo, is that like, she, she like,
it was, it was something I was talking about this yesterday. I was like,
it takes a lot to earn Pat's trust in that sense, because she was literally,
it was like, she was entrusting me with her comedy and her story. And so like,
it was funny where like, I,
I would write a draft of something and I would send it,
I in it over to her and she'll read it. She'd be like, why you got me cussing?
I said, <laugh> Cause that's how you talk.
She said, I don't mother talk like that. Take that out. <laugh> I said,
that's how you talk. And I was like, we have to do a new kind of sitcom.
I wanted to do something where it's like, you could just be yourself. Yeah.
You know? Cause you look at all those old shows,
you look at San and some with red Fox or even the richer pry show that he had
for like three seconds. And it's like,
imagine if he was just allowed to be himself. Right, right.
That show would've last forever. You know what I mean? San and son.
Red Fox got as close as you can get on a network television show to be
in red.
Fox. Yep. Exactly. That as you can get.
Exactly. But they don't do those anymore. They scared.
Scared. And when he came to me and he said, well, actually,
after we wrote the pilot, they immediately gave him a job.
After we wrote the pilot, they was like, this kid can write. And I told him,
I said, see, I know the I'm talking about because Hollywood is so strict.
They scared to step outside the box. They're gonna give you the same old.
We need a black writer.
Well that black writer might not underst what the miss pat trying to do.
And I went through a few that did not understand what I was trying to do with
him. We, we, I took him and I said, if you just listen, we can create something.
Just listen to these stories. I just need you to put the in the right form.
And he did. And he got the job. Watch.
The entire episode for free, only on Spotify.